Cleanup platform customization tutorial (#557)
foundriesio/docs: source/tutorials/customizing-the-platform/enabling-recipe.rst

.. _tutorial-enabling-application:

Enabling the App
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

After creating the systemd service recipe, it is important to install the package to the image.

In ``meta-subscriber-overrides`` is  ``recipes-samples/images/lmp-factory-image.bb`` with the variable ``CORE_IMAGE_BASE_INSTALL``.

To install a package to the image, append this variable with the package name.

For this example, add ``shellhttpd`` and ``netcat``.

> As the Linux microPlatform does not include ``curl``, let us include ``curl`` as well.

Author: ```suggestion
As the Linux® microPlatform does not include ``curl``, let us include ``curl`` as well.
```

.. tip::

>    Outside of this tutorial, you can also install ``curl`` as a :ref:`container <ref-troubleshooting_network-connectivity>`.

Author: The tutorial leans on it as an example, but in practice it would be quicker to install as a container. I think I should add more context here

>    Outside of this tutorial, you can also install ``curl`` as a :ref:`container <ref-troubleshooting_network-connectivity>`.

Author: ```suggestion
   This tutorial installs curl as a package to illustrate how packages can be added to the platform.
   In practice, you can also install ``curl`` as a :ref:`container <ref-troubleshooting_network-connectivity>`.
   Installing as a container rather than directly on the platform may be simpler and take less time.
```
